[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE STORY
OF A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO FIGHT
AGAINST DESTINY.
SIMON FIGHTS, TRYING TO
DISTRACT HIMSELF FROM THE HARD
BLOW OF LOSING KAMINA.
LAGANN GOES OUT OF CONTROL, AND
WHEN IT STOPS, SIMON MEETS A
MYSTERIOUS GIRL WHO APPEARS FROM
OUT OF A BOX.
WHEN ADIANE, THE ELEGANT, ONE OF
THE SPIRAL KING’S FOUR GENERALS,
ATTACKS DAI‐GURREN,
THE GIRL RUNS OUT ONTO THE DECK
AND SURPRISES ALL.
>> Nia: FIRST PRINCESS NIA,
DAUGHTER OF SPIRAL KING
LORDGENOME!
LEAVE US AT ONCE!
>> IMPOSSIBLE!
>> THE GIRL SAYS SHE’S PRINCESS
NIA.
>> OH, DON’T BE AN IDIOT!
A PRINCESS WOULD NEVER LEAVE THE
CAPITAL AND GO WANDERING AROUND
OUTSIDE!
>> BUT, MA’AM, SHE LOOKS EXACTLY
LIKE THE PRINCESS.
>> YOU THINK SO?
WELL, IN THAT CASE, WE’LL JUST
HAVE TO KILL HER AND PRETEND WE
NEVER SAW HER!
>> GENERAL ADIANE, PLEASE!
WATCH WHAT YOU SAY!
ALL OUR TRANSMISSIONS ARE
BEING RECORDED!
>> LOOK, HER BACK IS TURNED!
>> Ron: DID OUR LITTLE PRINCESS
REALLY STOP HER FROM ATTACKING?
>> FIRE CANNON!
FIRE, FIRE, FIRE!
>> Ron: DIDN’T YOU LISTEN?
THE CANNONS ARE OFFLINE.
>> LET’S GET ONE THING STRAIGHT,
YOU STINKING HUMANS!
I AM NOT RETREATING!
I’LL BE BACK, GOT IT?
[Team Dai‐Gurren jeering]
>> Simon: WHAT IS A "PRINCESS"?
>> Yoko: IT’S WHAT YOU CALL THE
DAUGHTER OF A KING.
>> MAN, THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
HE BROUGHT THE DAUGHTER OF THE
GUY WE’RE FIGHTING ONBOARD.
>> Dayakka: SHOULD WE HOLD HER?
>> SO WHAT’S THE PLAN, KITTAN?
>> THE PLAN?
>> TELL US THE PLAN!
TELL US THE PLAN!
>> Kittan: WHATEVER THE CASE, WE
INTERROGATE HER IN THE MORNING.
I AM GONNA PUT THE SCREWS TO
THAT LITTLE GIRL AND MAKE HER
SPILL EVERYTHING SHE KNOWS!
>> ADIANE, THE ELEGANT FLED IN
THE FACE OF THE ENEMY?
WHAT MANNER OF JOKE IS THIS
SUPPOSED TO BE?
>> SIRE, OUR DASTARDLY ENEMIES,
THOSE PATHETIC HUMANS, WERE
HOLDING PRINCESS NIA HOSTAGE.
>> YOU FOOL.
I HAVE LONG SINCE CAST THAT GIRL
OUT.
I DON’T CARE WHAT HAPPENS TO
HER.
>> YOU CAST HER OUT?
BUT, SIRE, I HAD NO WAY OF
KNOWING THAT DURING MY
CONFRONTATION, SINCE I WAS NEVER
INFORMED OF THIS.
>> YOU DARE USE YOUR LACK OF
KNOWLEDGE TO EXCUSE YOUR
FAILURE?
>> NO, SIRE.
>> YOU COMMITTED THE GRAVE
OFFENSE OF FLEEING IN THE FACE
OF THE ENEMY, JUST TO PROTECT
A GIRL WHO IS NO LONGER
A PRINCESS.
OH, THE ABSURDITY OF IT ALL.
[laughing]
>> SIRE, PLEASE, YOU MUST GIVE
ME, ADIANE, THE ELEGANT,
ANOTHER CHANCE.
>> OH? YOU DARE TELL ME WHAT I
MUST DO?
>> I WOULD NOT DREAM OF IT,
SIRE!
>> WHAT IS IT, THEN?
>> MAJESTY, TO PROVE MY LOYALTY,
I SHALL SET OUT ALONE
IN SAYRUNE.
I SHALL WIPE OUT THE HUMANS AND
DAI‐GUNZAN, AND I SHALL KILL NIA
ALONG WITH THEM.
I WILL DO ALL OF THIS BEFORE
SUNSET TOMORROW.
>> VERY WELL, BUT BEAR IN MIND
YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE
ANOTHER CHANCE.
NOW GO.
[footsteps]
>> GENERAL ADIANE.
>> VIRAL?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE BADLY
INJURED.
>> NO, MA’AM. I’LL BE RETURNING
TO MY HOME UNIT TOMORROW.
FAILING TO PROTECT GENERAL
THYMILPH IS THE GREATEST
DEFEAT OF MY LIFE.
THAT SAID, I WOULD VERY MUCH
LIKE TO ASK A FAVOR OF‐‐
GENERAL ADIANE.
>> GO ON, VIRAL.
I WILL HEAR YOU OUT.
>> DURING YOUR NEXT MISSION, I‐‐
ASK THAT YOU‐‐
ALLOW ME‐‐
ALLOW ME TO‐‐
TO ACCOMPANY‐‐
ACCOMPANY YOU.
>> I HAD THYMILPH IN MY DEBT,
RIGHT WHERE I WANTED HIM TO BE.
BUT NOW THAT HE’S DEAD, MY
SCHEMING TURNS OUT TO BE FOR
NOTHING!
AND IT’S ALL BECAUSE YOU’RE A
WORTHLESS, INCOMPETENT MORON!
>> WHICH IS WHY I BEG THAT YOU
GIVE ME A CHANCE TO AVENGE HIS
DEATH.
>> I’VE ALREADY DECIDED I’LL BE
GOING OUT ALONE TOMORROW
MORNING.
GO BACK TO YOUR DEN.
I WILL BE THE ONE AVENGING
THYMILPH, NO ONE ELSE.
>> SHOVE EVERY USABLE
PART OUTSIDE!
WE CAN’T DO ANY WORK WITH THIS
JUNK IN THE WAY!
[team chattering]
>> Nia: THANK YOU FOR THE FOOD.
>> THANK YOU FOR THE FO‐O‐OD!
>> THANK YOU FOR THE FOOD!
>> YUMMY!
WHAT’S THIS STUFF?
IT LOOKS GREAT!
>> I CAN’T CUT MINE.
>> Nia: JUST A MOMENT.
I’LL CUT IT FOR YOU.
>> Dayakka: SO, ANYWAY, UH...
WELL, UH, PRINCESS, I...
>> WHAT IS IT?
WOULD YOU LIKE SOME TOO?
OPEN WIDE!
>> Dayakka: HEY, THAT’S GOOD.
WOW, GRAMPS, YOU’RE A PRETTY
INCREDIBLE COOK.
>> IS HE REALLY?
>> YOU SERIOUS?
>> Kittan: WHAT ARE YOU GUYS,
MORONS?!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING THROWING THIS
GIRL A NICE FRIENDLY DINNER?
YOU DON’T HAVE TO ROLL OUT THE
RED CARPET FOR HER!
WE’RE HERE TO CONDUCT AN
INTERROGATION!
YOU’D BETTER TALK!
[Nia giggles]
>> Nia: HOW DO YOU DO, SIR?
IT IS LOVELY TO MEET YOU.
I’M NIA.
NOW THEN, WHAT’S YOUR NAME?
>> Kittan: MY NAME IS KITTAN!
I’M THE ELDEST OF THE BLACK
SIBLINGS, AND NOT ONLY THAT,
I’M THE LEADER OF TEAM GURREN,
THAT’S WHO I AM!
>> Nia: KITTAN, YOU SAY?
IT’S A PLEASURE.
>> Kittan: ALL RIGHT, LOOK, JUST
BECAUSE YOU’RE SWEET AND CUTE
AND NICE AND ALL DOESN’T CHANGE
THE FACT THAT YOU’RE THE ENEMY!
>> SHE ENEMY!
>> HE’S RIGHT!
>> both: LITTLE GIRL ENEMY!
>> Nia: TELL ME, KITTAN?
WHAT DOES "ENEMY" MEAN?
>> Kittan: AN ENEMY IS A BAD
PERSON!
SOMEONE YOU JUST GOTTA BEAT THE
CRAP OUT OF!
>> Nia: "BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF"?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> Kittan: WELL, UH, IT’S WHEN
YOU TAKE YOUR FIST AND YOU BELT
THE OTHER GUY, AND‐‐
>> Nia: WHAT DOES "FIST" MEAN?
>> Kittan: WELL, OKAY, LOOK,
A FIST IS‐‐
>> Nia: WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT
TO SOMEBODY?
>> Kittan: BECAUSE THAT SOMEBODY
PISSED ME OFF!
>> Nia: WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE
"PISSED OFF"?
>> HE’S SUPPOSED TO INTERROGATE
HER...
>> BUT SHE’S INTERROGATING HIM
INSTEAD.
>> YOU KNOW, OUR BRO WAS NEVER
TOO GOOD AROUND HER TYPE.
>> Kittan: HEY, BUTT OUT!
>> Nia: KITTAN, YOU ARE...
YOU ARE A‐‐LET’S SEE.
YOU’RE A "NOT‐PISSING‐OFF
PERSON," AND YOU’RE SWEET.
I THANK YOU!
OUR TALK HAS BEEN INFORMATIVE!
>> Kittan: WELL, NO PROBLEM!
I’M THE LEADER HERE, SO IT’S
ONLY NATURAL.
[murmuring from crowd]
>> Kittan: NOW LISTEN UP.
AS TEAM LEADER, I GOT AN ORDER
FOR YOU.
I WANT YOU TO GET ALL THE ENEMY
INTEL YOU CAN OUT OF HER.
>> Simon: WHY ME?
>> Kittan: COME ON.
JUST DO IT, SIMON.
YOU’RE THE ONE WHO BROUGHT
HER HERE.
SHE’S HERE BECAUSE OF YOU.
MAN UP AND FIX IT.
SHE’S A FORMIDABLE OPPONENT.
KNOW THAT YOU’RE IN FOR A TOUGH
FIGHT.
>> Nia: I HEARD MANY THINGS FROM
KITTAN.
HE SAID MY FATHER IS DOING
TERRIBLE THINGS TO PEOPLE
ON THE SURFACE.
IT’S HARD TO IMAGINE THAT FATHER
WOULD DO SUCH THINGS WITHOUT
GOOD REASON.
AND YET, I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT
THE PEOPLE HERE ARE BAD.
>> Simon: WE DIDN’T DO ANYTHING
WRONG, NIA.
IT’S THE SPIRAL KING WHO’S THE
BAD GUY HERE,
HIM AND HIS PEOPLE.
>> Nia: DO YOU HATE MY FATHER?
>> Simon: OF COURSE I DO.
>> Nia: DO YOU ALSO HATE ME?
>> Simon: I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO
SAY TO THAT.
>> Nia: SO THEN, WHY IS IT THAT
YOU FIGHT?
>> Simon: IT WAS MY BRO WHO GAVE
ME THE STRENGTH TO FIGHT.
I FOUGHT BECAUSE HE
BELIEVED IN ME.
Nia: SIMON.
TELL ME, WHO IS THIS BRO PERSON?
>> Rossiu: SO DO YOU THINK
SIMON WILL BE ALL RIGHT?
>> Ron: DON’T YOU HAVE OTHER
THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT?
IF I DON’T FINALLY GET
DAI‐GURREN HERE RUNNING AGAIN,
A LOT MORE THAN TEARS WILL BE
SPILLED.
>> Rossiu: YES, I SUPPOSE,
BUT IN SIMON’S CASE....
>> Ron: LOOK, WE’RE ALL FIGHTING
HERE, AREN’T WE?
AND THAT GOES FOR YOU, TOO?
>> Rossiu: YES, BUT...
>> Ron: BESIDES, IF THE REASON
THAT LAGANN ISN’T WORKING IS
BECAUSE IT DOESN’T FEEL LIKE
HELPING A KID WHO’S LOST THE
WILL TO SURVIVE...
I THINK IT HAS THE RIGHT IDEA.
>> Nia: OH, HOW SAD.
SO HE WAS KILLED IN A BATTLE.
>> Simon: THAT’S RIGHT.
>> Nia: THEN I SUPPOSE IT’S
LITTLE WONDER THAT EVERYONE HERE
HATES ME.
I REALLY CAN’T BLAME THEM.
>> Simon: DON’T YOU WORRY ABOUT
THAT, NIA.
NOBODY HERE HATES YOU.
ACTUALLY, I DON’T THINK THAT
BRO EVER FOUGHT OUT OF HATRED.
IT’S HARD TO EXPLAIN, BUT NO
MATTER HOW BAD THE SITUATION,
HE WAS ALWAYS LAUGHING.
I GUESS, IN A WAY, HE WAS...
>> Yoko: A MAN OF UNLIMITED
STUPIDITY!
I’D LIKE TO HEAR ABOUT HIM,
TOO, SIMON.
PLEASE KEEP GOING.
>> Simon: THIS HAPPENED A LONG
TIME BEFORE WE MET YOU.
IT WAS BRO’S IDEA TO BREAK OUT
FROM OUR UNDERGROUND VILLAGE AND
THEN DIG OUR WAY UP
TO THE SURFACE.
BUT ALONG THE WAY, THE TUNNELS
COLLAPSED BECAUSE OF AN
EARTHQUAKE, AND WE WERE
ALL TRAPPED.
>> Yoko: HEY, THIS STORY IS...
NEVER MIND.
>> Simon: IT WAS SCARY.
I WAS TERRIFIED THAT I
WAS GOING TO BE BURIED ALIVE
JUST LIKE MY MOM AND DAD WERE.
BUT BRO URGED US ON, YELLING,
"COME ON, ONWARDS AND UPWARDS,
MEN..."
LAUGHING THE WHOLE TIME.
MY HANDS FINALLY STOPPED
SHAKING.
WHEN I’M FOCUSED ON DRILLING, I
CAN HEAR THE SOIL AND THE ROCKS
CALLING TO ME.
"IT’S SOFTER THIS WAY," OR
"TRY DIGGING OVER HERE!"
I FOLLOW THEIR ADVICE AS I DIG.
IF WE HAD ALLOWED OURSELVES TO
JUST GIVE UP THAT DAY,
THEN WE ALL WOULD HAVE DIED.
THE ONLY REASON WE DIDN’T GIVE
UP WAS ’CAUSE BRO WAS WITH US.
AND HE DIDN’T GIVE UP.
HE REFUSED.
THAT’S HOW HE ALWAYS WAS.
WITHOUT HIM, I CAN’T DO
ANYTHING.
THAT’S WHY I HAVE TO DO WHAT I
CAN TO BECOME LIKE HIM, SO I
CAN DO HIS SHARE FOR HIM.
>> Nia: THAT’S NOT TRUE.
YOU RESCUED ME FROM THAT AWFUL
GUNMEN ALL BY YOURSELF,
REMEMBER?
>> Simon: BUT THAT WASN’T...
>> Nia: I BELIEVE YOU CAN DO
FINE ON YOUR OWN.
WHY DO YOU SPEND SO MUCH TIME
OBSESSING OVER THIS BRO PERSON?
>> Simon: WHY?
YOU’RE JUST... SAYING THIS
BECAUSE YOU DIDN’T KNOW HIM.
>> Nia: I CANNOT GET TO KNOW
SOMEONE WHO ISN’T HERE.
BUT ALSO YOU CANNOT RELY ON
>> Simon: NIA!
>> Yoko: YOU CAN’T POSSIBLY HAVE
ANY IDEA HOW SIMON IS FEELING!
YOU CAN’T, ’CAUSE YOU DIDN’T
KNOW KAMINA!
>> Nia: I MAY NOT HAVE KNOWN
THIS BRO PERSON, BUT I
UNDERSTAND SIMON.
HE IS NOT A HELPLESS PERSON.
BUT IF HE KEEPS DWELLING ON THE
MEMORY OF SOMEONE WHO’S GONE,
THEN...
>> Yoko: YOU LITTLE...
DON’T TALK LIKE YOU’RE
SOME INNOCENT BYSTANDER.
YOU KNOW PERFECTLY WELL WHOSE
FAULT IT IS THAT KAMINA’S DEAD!
SO DON’T YOU DARE STAND THERE
AND CALMLY LECTURE SIMON.
>> Nia: I APOLOGIZE.
>> Yoko: WHAT YOU SAID IS RIGHT.
NO AMOUNT OF CRYING OR GRIEVING
WILL BRING KAMINA BACK.
WE’RE WELL AWARE OF THAT.
MAYBE IT WOULD BE EASIER IF WE
COULD FORGET ABOUT HIM.
BUT WE CAN’T JUST...
WE CAN’T JUST...
WE CAN’T FORGET ABOUT HIM LIKE
HE WAS NOTHING!
>> Nia: SHE HAD TEARS IN HER
EYES.
>> Simon: IT ISN’T YOUR FAULT,
NIA.
>> Nia: I WANT SO VERY MUCH TO
LEARN ABOUT YOUR PEOPLE.
>> WH‐‐WHAT IN THE HELL IS THAT?
WE GOT TROUBLE!
A WALL OF WATER IS COMING
THIS WAY!
>> WATER?
>> MAYBE HE’S SEEING THINGS
AFTER BEING COOPED UP‐‐
>> ENEMY GUNMEN ON OUR DECK!
>> I’VE RETURNED, JUST AS I
PROMISED I WOULD.
STINKING HUMANS!
>> Dayakka: WHAT THE HELL WAS
THAT ALL A‐‐
>> Kittan: HEY, IT’S THAT CHICK
WITH THE FINS!
>> FIRST OF ALL, WOULD YOU
PLEASE LET ME SEE OUR DEAR
PRINCESS NIA?
I NEED TO KNOW SHE’S SAFE.
I WOULD LIKE TO THANK HER FOR
BEING KIND TO ME.
>> Kittan: SHE’S GOT NERVE,
COMING HERE ALONE LIKE THAT!
I’M GONNA DECK HER!
>> Dayakka: DON’T FORGET.
DAI‐GURREN STILL ISN’T READY
YET.
WE MIGHT NEED TO FIND A WAY TO
BUY SOME TIME.
>> Kittan: GOOD POINT.
OKAY, LET’S HAND OVER THE GIRL.
>> Simon: NO!
>> Kittan: WHAT’D YOU JUST SAY?!
YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THE
DECISIONS MADE BY YOUR MIGHTY
LEADER, HUH, DO YA, DO YA?
>> Simon: I’M NOT SURE WHY, BUT
SOMETHING TELLS ME THAT’D BE
RISKY.
>> Kittan: DON’T GIVE ME THAT
HALF‐ASSED CRAP!
COME OUT AND SAY IT!
QUIT YAMMERING...
>> Nia: IT’S FINE.
I WILL GO TO HER.
>> Kittan: HEAR THAT?
SHE SAYS SHE’S OKAY WITH IT!
SO LET’S JUST TURN HER OVER AND
BE DONE WITH IT!
>> Simon: YEAH, BUT...
>> Yoko: DON’T WORRY, YOU GUYS.
I HAVE A FEELING THAT NIA HERE
MIGHT ACTUALLY BE ABLE TO AVOID
A BATTLE.
>> Nia: MISS YOKO, THANK YOU FOR
ALLOWING ME TO DO THIS.
>> Yoko: DON’T GET
THE WRONG IDEA.
THIS DOESN’T MEAN THAT I
TRUST YOU.
I’M GONNA HAVE THIS RIFLE
TRAINED ON YOUR BACK
THE ENTIRE TIME.
IF I SEE ANY FUNNY BUSINESS,
I WON’T HESITATE.
>> Nia: RIGHT.
>> I’M GLAD YOU’RE SAFE,
PRINCESS NIA.
>> Nia: TELL ME, ADIANE.
ARE YOU AND THE OTHERS FIGHTING
THE HUMANS ON THE SURFACE AND
TRYING TO MAKE THEM SUFFER?
>> IT’S AS YOU SAY, PRINCESS.
OUR DUTY IS TO SEEK OUT EVERY
LAST HUMAN ON THE SURFACE
AND TO SLAUGHTER EVERY ONE.
>> Nia: AND TELL ME, WAS IT MY
FATHER WHO ORDERED YOU TO CARRY
OUT THESE ACTIONS?
>> YES.
>> Nia: AND UPON RECEIVING THESE
ORDERS FROM MY FATHER, YOU
HARBORED NO DOUBTS ABOUT THEM?
>> DID I "DOUBT" THEM? NEVER!
HUMANS ARE AS LOWLY AS WORMS,
MAYBE EVEN LOWLIER.
THEIR SUFFERING AND THEIR
PITIFUL LITTLE DEATHS ARE
BENEATH OUR NOTICE,
PRINCESS NIA.
>> Kittan: AS LOWLY AS WORMS.
>> Nia: I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS!
I WANT TO DISCUSS THIS WITH MY
FATHER!
ADIANE, THE ELEGANT,
IN THE NAME OF THE SPIRAL KING,
I ORDER YOU TO TAKE ME TO HIM!
>> YOU REALLY PISS ME OFF!
IF YOU WANNA GO, TAKE YOUR OWN
SORRY ASS!
>> Nia: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> HAS IT NOT SUNK IN YET,
YOU, LITTLE DARLING, AREN’T A
PRINCESS ANYMORE!
THE SPIRAL KING HAS ABANDONED,
ABANDONED, ABANDONED YOU!
I DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU DID,
BUT HE SAID I SHOULD KILL YOU
WITH THE REST OF THE WORMS!
>> Nia: HE ABANDONED ME?
KILL ME?
HE REALLY SAID YOU SHOULD
>> Simon: SHE WAS ABANDONED?
LAGANN!
COME ON.
PLEASE JUST WORK.
I WAS RIGHT!
THAT WOMAN DID NOT COME HERE TO
TAKE NIA BACK!
>> Nia: YOU’RE LYING!
IT CAN’T BE‐‐ FATHER WOULD NEVER
DO SUCH A HORRIBLE THING.
>> OH, HE WOULDN’T?
YOU JUST THINK WHATEVER YOU
WANT!
EITHER WAY, I’M SENDING YOU OFF
TO THE NEXT WORLD, MISSY!
>> Nia: SO DOES THIS MEAN
YOU HATE ME TOO, ADIANE?
>> HATE YOU?
I REALLY COULDN’T CARE LESS
ABOUT YOU.
I WAS TOLD TO KILL YOU,
SO THAT’S PRECISELY WHAT I’M
GOING TO DO!
WHETHER OR NOT I HATE YOU
IS IRRELEVANT!
>> Nia: SO YOU’RE SAYING THAT
YOU’RE WILLING KILL ME...
SIMPLY BECAUSE YOU WERE ORDERED
TO DO SO?
>> OF COURSE I AM!
WHAT OF IT?!
>> Nia: IF MY FATHER ORDERED YOU
TO TAKE YOUR OWN LIFE, WOULD YOU
DO THAT, TOO?
YOU HAVE GOT THIS ALL WRONG,
ADIANE!
THESE PEOPLE ARE DECENT AND
GOOD, AND THEY HAVE DONE NOTHING
WRONG!
THEIR ONLY WISH IS TO LIVE
ON THE SURFACE IN PEACE!
IT CANNOT BE RIGHT TO KILL THEM
FOR NO REASON.
>> THESE PEOPLE KILLED THYMILPH.
>> Nia: THEY DID?
>> THAT SHOULD BE REASON ENOUGH
TO END THEIR LIVES!
>> Nia: NO. NO, YOU’RE WRONG.
THAT ISN’T RIGHT.
THEY THEMSELVES HAVE LOST A MAN
THEY CALL BRO.
THIS LOSS HAS LEFT THEM SORELY
WOUNDED.
YES, THAT IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
SOMEONE DIES.
PEOPLE SUFFER.
AND YET HERE YOU ARE, SAYING TWO
GRIEVING PARTIES SHOULD HURT
EACH OTHER!
DON’T YOU THINK THERE MIGHT BE
SOMETHING WRONG WITH THAT?
>> NO, I DON’T, BECAUSE THERE
ISN’T!
>> Simon: FINE!
PIECE OF CRAP!
NIA!
>> YOU REALLY KNOW HOW TO PISS
PEOPLE OFF!
I UNDERSTAND WHY THE SPIRAL KING
WAS SO EAGER TO GET RID OF YOU!
>> Nia: NOW I SEE!
YOU ARE A PISSING‐OFF PERSON!
>> HEY, BE QUIET!
THAT’S MY LINE, MISSY!
>> Simon: NIA!
>> Nia: SIMON!
SIMON!
>> Simon: NIA!
>> Kittan: THIS SPIRAL KING
THREW OUT HIS OWN DAUGHTER?!
THAT’S ONE THING I WON’T STAND
FOR!
>> WE WON’T STAND FOR IT!
>> DIE!
>> Yoko: GO FOR IT, GUYS!
>> STINKING HUMANS!
>> Kittan: ZORTHY!
YOU BITCH!
>> COME ON, YOU THIRD‐RATE
GUNMEN!
COME RIGHT AT ME, EVERYBODY AT
ONCE!
SO THAT I CAN TEAR EACH ONE
OF YOU APART.
>> COME ON!
ISN’T THIS THING WORKING YET?!
>> Ron: I’M TRYING!
OKAY, HOW ABOUT NOW?
>> Adiane: WHAT?!
IMPOSSIBLE.
IT BROKE MY SPINE!
>> WE GOT HER!
>> YEAH, GOT HER!
>> Kittan: NOW SQUASH HER!
>> Ron: OH, WE’D LIKE TO,
BELIEVE ME, BUT WE CAN’T EXACTLY
SEE WHERE WE’RE AIMING!
>> NUMBER THREE BRIDGE!
>> YOU GOT HER!
YOU GOT HER, HURRY!
>> THAT’S IT! THAT’S THE WAY!
>> LOOK OUT UP AHEAD!
>> Ron: WHAT WAS THAT?
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
>> IT’S ENKIDU.
VIRAL, IS THAT YOU?
>> I HOPE YOU’LL FORGIVE ME FOR
DISOBEYING ORDERS, MA’AM.
IT’S JUST THAT I HAVE MY OWN
HONOR I MUST UPHOLD!
>> GO AWAY!
I WON’T WITHDRAW FROM A BATTLE
LIKE THIS!
>> YOU CAN KEEP ON FIGHTING AS
LONG AS YOU’RE ALIVE.
BUT WE’RE GOING TO EXECUTE
A STRATEGIC RETREAT.
YOU!
WE’RE RETREATING FOR NOW,
BUT WHEN NEXT WE MEET,
WE’LL SETTLE MATTERS ONCE AND
FOR ALL!
>> Rossiu: WHAT’S HE MEAN?
>> Kittan: THEY’RE GONE!
THEY BUGGED OUT!
>> WE DID IT!
WE DROVE THEM OFF!
>> Ron: OH, GOODNESS GRACIOUS.
ALL THIS STRESS IS MURDER
ON MY SKIN.
>> Dayakka: HEY, ARE YOU OKAY
THERE, NIA?
>> Nia: YES. THANK YOU.
BUT I MUST APOLOGIZE.
I PUT YOU ALL IN DANGER.
>> Dayakka: THERE’S NOTHING FOR
YOU TO BE SORRY ABOUT.
JUST TAKE A LOOK BEHIND YOU.
[cheering]
>> NIA, YEAH!
>> Kittan: NIA!
>> NIA!
>> Dayakka: THEY’RE ALL HAPPY TO
SEE YOU SAFE AND SOUND.
>> Nia: THANK YOU, EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU, ALL!
[cheering continues]
>> YOU SCUM! TRASH! VERMIN!
WHAT’S THE BIG IDEA,
LEAVING WITHOUT A VICTORY?
I CAN’T RETURN TO THE CAPITAL,
NOT BEFORE I’VE GOTTEN
MY REVENGE.
WHO DO YOU THINK I AM,
YOU WORTHLESS, ROTTEN, IDIOT!
[punching continues]
>> Nia: WELL MET, MY GOOD
PIG‐MOLE.
IS SIMON INSIDE?
SIMON? SIMON?
ARE YOU IN THERE?
I BROUGHT YOU SOME DINNER.
[knocking]
SIMON, EVERYBODY KEEPS TELLING
ME HOW HAPPY THEY ARE TO SEE ME
SAFE AND SOUND, EVEN THOUGH I’M
THE DAUGHTER OF THEIR ENEMY.
IT’S JUST AS I FIRST THOUGHT.
THE PEOPLE HERE ARE VERY KIND.
BUT I KNOW.
I KNOW THAT YOU WERE THE FIRST
ONE TO RUN TO MY RESCUE, SIMON.
AND THAT WAS VERY BRAVE
AND KIND.
AND SO I THANK YOU.
>> Simon: I CAN’T DO IT.
I’LL NEVER BE ABLE TO BE LIKE
YOU, BRO.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Nia: INSIDE A PERSON’S HEART,
THERE IS A DEEP, DARK,
FRIGHTENING HOLE.
EVENTUALLY, THIS HOLE BECOMES
A NEW TUNNEL.
>> NEXT TIME, ON
GURREN LAGANN,
SIMON, HANDS‐OFF.